README.md, before:

# awesome-camunda
A curated list of awesome Camunda BPM projects, libraries, tools, documentation, forum posts, etc.

:exclamation: See something missing, an error, an improvement? Please contribute with Pull Requests!

# Official Github Accounts

1. https://github.com/camunda
1. https://github.com/bpmn-io
1. https://github.com/camunda-consulting
1. https://github.com/camunda-ci
1. https://github.com/camunda-third-party
1. https://github.com/camunda-jenkins
1. https://github.com/camunda-internal
1. https://github.com/zeebe-io


# Tools and libraries

1. BPMN to PNG/PDF
1. https://github.com/red6/dmn-check
1. https://github.com/viadee/vPAV
1. https://github.com/plexiti/camunda-bpm-spock
1. https://github.com/StephenOTT/ProcessProjectTemplate
1. https://github.com/DigitalState/Camunda-Spock-Testing
1. https://github.com/StephenOTT/vertx-bpmn-model-doc-generator
1. https://github.com/livetocode/camunda-prometheus-exporter
1. https://github.com/camunda-consulting/camunda-util-demo-data-generator
1. https://forum.camunda.org/t/camunda-to-asciidoctor-documentation-generator/6580  https://github.com/GeekMustHave/Camunda-ADOC-Viewer  https://github.com/GeekMustHave/Camunda-ASCIIDoc-Generator
1. [MacOS Homebrew Cask for Camunda Modeler](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/blob/master/Casks/camunda-modeler.rb) - `brew install camunda-modeler`
1. Unit Testing Coverage

# Load Testing / Performance Testing

1. https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform/tree/master/qa/performance-tests-engine
1. https://camunda.com/products/performance/
1. https://blog.camunda.com/post/2014/01/benchmarking-camunda-process-engine/
1. https://www.slideshare.net/camunda/2015-0113-performance-en

# Notable forum.camunda.org Threads and Posts

## Tasklist Forms
1. React
1. Angular Forms
1. Formio and Formio Form Builder: https://forum.camunda.org/t/form-builder-drag-and-drop-form-server-validations/1092 + More links
1. External Libraries
1. Google Maps


## Scripting

:exclamation: [Helpful Scripting Snippets](./scripting-snippets.md)

1. Variable Encryption: https://github.com/StephenOTT/camunda-data-encryption-rsa
1. Multi-Instance Mapping
1. Nashorn Engine
1. Printing to Console

## OAuth / SSO

1. https://forum.camunda.org/t/single-sign-on-in-camunda/291

## JSON Usage

1. SPIN vs JS Script Mirror

# GraphQL

1. https://github.com/Loydl/camunda-graphql-client-example
1. https://github.com/Loydl/camunda-graphql-tasklist
1. https://github.com/Loydl/camunda-graphql-client-example
1. GraphQL API: https://forum.camunda.org/t/developing-the-camunda-graphql-extension/2872/35  
1. https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-graphql

# Camunda Modeler Plugins

1. https://github.com/umb/camunda-modeler-property-info-plugin
1. https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler-plugins
1. https://github.com/StephenOTT/camunda-vertx-springboot

# BPM Engine Plugins

1. [Custom Batch](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-custom-batch) - A plugin to provide a simple way of using the Camunda Batch functionality.
1. Form JS Validation https://github.com/StephenOTT/camunda-form-validator-js-server
1. Vertx https://github.com/StephenOTT/camunda-vertx-plugin
1. https://github.com/DigitalState/camunda-administrative-user-plugin
1. https://github.com/StephenOTT/camunda-incident-handler-nashorn-js
1. JWT Provider: https://github.com/Loydl/camunda-jwt-provider




# Clustering

1. Shared Engine Deployment Aware
1. 

# Use Cases / Showcases

1. ...

# Community Blog Posts

1. https://blog.camunda.com/post/2018/07/camunda-days-nyc-goldman-sachs-workflow-platform/
1. https://blog.camunda.com/post/2018/06/camunda-Tasklist-privacy/
1. https://blog.camunda.com/post/2018/05/camunda-AWS-Rekognition/
1. https://blog.camunda.com/post/2016/05/citizen-identity-enrolment/
1. https://blog.bernd-ruecker.com/orchestrating-azure-functions-using-bpmn-and-camunda-a-case-study-ff71264cfad6
1. https://blog.bernd-ruecker.com/@berndruecker


# Camunda Web App Plugins (Admin, Cockpit, Tasklist)



# Common Questions

1. Shared Engine vs ...
1. Extending the Camunda Rest API
1. Clustering
1. Kubernetes
1. Docker
1. Secrets Management
1. HTTP-Connector
1. 4000 Character limit on text/Strings
1. Business Key usage
1. List of All Camunda Listeners



# Old Content

1. https://github.com/plexiti/camunda-grails-plugin (Grails 2 only, Camunda 7.3.x)



# Notable Users to Follow

## BPMN/DMN/CMMN JS / Camunda Modeler

1. https://github.com/philippfromme

## Camunda Engine

1. https://github.com/meyerdan
1. https://github.com/hawky-4s-
1. https://github.com/yanavasileva
1. https://github.com/koevskinikola
1. https://github.com/berndruecker


## Community

1. https://github.com/jangalinski
1. https://github.com/Loydl (Graph QL)




# Community Groups

1. [Meetups](https://camunda.com/events/meetups/) - Meetup groups for Camunda
1. [Vienna Camunda Meetup Group](http://www.meetup.com/camunda-vienna) - [Github Organization]
(https://github.com/camunda-vienna)
1. ..



# Zeebe


# Cawemo

# Camunda Optimize 



# Camunda In the News

1. https://www.mwdadvisors.com/2017/06/27/camunda-cawemo-optimize/
1. https://www.bp-3.com/blog/sandy-kemsley-on-camunda-bpm-7-5-release/
1. https://www.bp-3.com/blog/bpmn-io-bpmn-everywhere-for-everyone/



# Camunda comparisons to other projects/products

Listing of known project/product comparisons.

1. Activity...
1. flowable...
1. Jboss BPM...
1. etc...
1. https://blog.camunda.com/post/2016/10/camunda-engine-since-activiti-fork/
1. https://forum.camunda.org/t/strengths-of-camunda-vs-flowable/2842



# Training Material

Various Training materials, Videos, links, etc

1. [Camunda Videos](https://www.youtube.com/user/camundaVideo) - Official Camunda YouTube channel with various training videos
1. [Throwing BPMN Errors with Javascript](https://medium.com/@stephenrussett/throwing-bpmn-errors-with-javascript-in-camunda-c678f4b7d9ff) - Medium.com post by @StephenOTT (2016)
1. [Deploying Embedded Forms with Rest API](https://medium.com/@stephenrussett/deploying-embedded-forms-with-camunda-rest-api-84cf8010f8c1) - Medium.com post by @StephenOTT (2016)
1. [Deploying External Scripts with Rest API](https://medium.com/@stephenrussett/deploying-external-scripts-with-camunda-rest-api-e06bd90a2931) - Medium.com post by @StephenOTT (2016)
1. ...


# Frequently used JavaDoc references

1. [Process Engine Services](https://docs.camunda.org/javadoc/camunda-bpm-platform/7.9/org/camunda/bpm/engine/ProcessEngineServices.html) - Main Interface JavaDoc page for Process Engine Services.  Most commonly used page when navigating the Engine's services
1. ...

Commit message:

cleanup readme and added helper for adding camunda properties using fluent api

README.md, after:

# awesome-camunda
A curated list of awesome Camunda BPM projects, libraries, tools, documentation, forum posts, etc.

:exclamation: See something missing, an error, an improvement? Please contribute with Pull Requests!

# Official Github Accounts

1. [Main Camunda Repo](https://github.com/camunda) - The main repo for Camunda
1. [BPMN.io](https://github.com/bpmn-io) - BPMN, DMN, and CMMN Javascript Renderers and Editors by Camunda.
1. [Camunda Consulting Repository](https://github.com/camunda-consulting)
1. [Camunda-CI](https://github.com/camunda-ci) - Repository used by Camunda for CI Builds.
1. [Third Party Repos](https://github.com/camunda-third-party) - Contains forks of thrid party libraries and tools used by camunda projects.
1. [Camunda Jenkins](https://github.com/camunda-jenkins) - Github user for Camunda internal Jenkins usage.
1. [Camunda Internal](https://github.com/camunda-internal) - Repos used by Camunda for internal purposes.
1. [Zeebe](https://github.com/zeebe-io) - The main repo for Zeebe; Distributed Workflow Engine for Microservices Orchestration, by Camunda.

# Tools and libraries

1. [BPMN to PNG/PDF](https://github.com/bpmn-io/bpmn-to-image) - Convert BPMN 2.0 diagrams to PDF documents or PNG files.
1. [DMN Check](https://github.com/red6/dmn-check) - A Maven plugin which performs various static analyses on Decision Model Notation (DMN) files to detect bugs.
1. [vPAV](https://github.com/viadee/vPAV) - A tool that checks Camunda projects for consistency and discovers errors in process-driven applications, inconsistencies of a given BPMN model in the classpath and the sourcecode of an underlying java project, such as a delegate reference to a non-existing java class or a non-existing Spring bean.
1. https://github.com/plexiti/camunda-bpm-spock
1. https://github.com/StephenOTT/ProcessProjectTemplate
1. https://github.com/DigitalState/Camunda-Spock-Testing
1. https://github.com/StephenOTT/vertx-bpmn-model-doc-generator
1. https://github.com/livetocode/camunda-prometheus-exporter
1. https://github.com/camunda-consulting/camunda-util-demo-data-generator
1. https://forum.camunda.org/t/camunda-to-asciidoctor-documentation-generator/6580  https://github.com/GeekMustHave/Camunda-ADOC-Viewer  https://github.com/GeekMustHave/Camunda-ASCIIDoc-Generator
1. [MacOS Homebrew Cask for Camunda Modeler](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/blob/master/Casks/camunda-modeler.rb) - `brew install camunda-modeler`
1. Unit Testing Coverage

# Load Testing / Performance Testing

1. https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform/tree/master/qa/performance-tests-engine
1. https://camunda.com/products/performance/
1. https://blog.camunda.com/post/2014/01/benchmarking-camunda-process-engine/
1. https://www.slideshare.net/camunda/2015-0113-performance-en

# Notable forum.camunda.org Threads and Posts

## Tasklist Forms
1. React
1. Angular Forms
1. Formio and Formio Form Builder: https://forum.camunda.org/t/form-builder-drag-and-drop-form-server-validations/1092 + More links
1. External Libraries
1. Google Maps


## Scripting

:exclamation: [Helpful Scripting Snippets](./scripting-snippets.md)

1. Variable Encryption: https://github.com/StephenOTT/camunda-data-encryption-rsa
1. Multi-Instance Mapping
1. Nashorn Engine
1. Printing to Console

## OAuth / SSO

1. https://forum.camunda.org/t/single-sign-on-in-camunda/291

## JSON Usage

1. SPIN vs JS Script Mirror

# GraphQL

1. https://github.com/Loydl/camunda-graphql-client-example
1. https://github.com/Loydl/camunda-graphql-tasklist
1. https://github.com/Loydl/camunda-graphql-client-example
1. GraphQL API: https://forum.camunda.org/t/developing-the-camunda-graphql-extension/2872/35  
1. https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-graphql

# Camunda Modeler Plugins

1. https://github.com/umb/camunda-modeler-property-info-plugin
1. https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler-plugins
1. https://github.com/StephenOTT/camunda-vertx-springboot

# BPM Engine Plugins

1. [Custom Batch](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-custom-batch) - A plugin to provide a simple way of using the Camunda Batch functionality.
1. Form JS Validation https://github.com/StephenOTT/camunda-form-validator-js-server
1. Vertx https://github.com/StephenOTT/camunda-vertx-plugin
1. https://github.com/DigitalState/camunda-administrative-user-plugin
1. https://github.com/StephenOTT/camunda-incident-handler-nashorn-js
1. JWT Provider: https://github.com/Loydl/camunda-jwt-provider




# Clustering

1. Shared Engine Deployment Aware
1. 

# Use Cases / Showcases

1. ...

# Community Blog Posts

1. https://blog.camunda.com/post/2018/07/camunda-days-nyc-goldman-sachs-workflow-platform/
1. https://blog.camunda.com/post/2018/06/camunda-Tasklist-privacy/
1. https://blog.camunda.com/post/2018/05/camunda-AWS-Rekognition/
1. https://blog.camunda.com/post/2016/05/citizen-identity-enrolment/
1. https://blog.bernd-ruecker.com/orchestrating-azure-functions-using-bpmn-and-camunda-a-case-study-ff71264cfad6
1. https://blog.bernd-ruecker.com/@berndruecker


# Camunda Web App Plugins (Admin, Cockpit, Tasklist)



# Common Questions

1. Shared Engine vs ...
1. Extending the Camunda Rest API
1. Clustering
1. Kubernetes
1. Docker
1. Secrets Management
1. HTTP-Connector
1. 4000 Character limit on text/Strings
1. Business Key usage
1. List of All Camunda Listeners



# Old Content

1. https://github.com/plexiti/camunda-grails-plugin (Grails 2 only, Camunda 7.3.x)



# Notable Users to Follow

## BPMN/DMN/CMMN JS / Camunda Modeler

1. https://github.com/philippfromme

## Camunda Engine

1. https://github.com/meyerdan
1. https://github.com/hawky-4s-
1. https://github.com/yanavasileva
1. https://github.com/koevskinikola
1. https://github.com/berndruecker


## Community

1. https://github.com/jangalinski
1. https://github.com/Loydl (Graph QL)




# Community Groups

1. [Meetups](https://camunda.com/events/meetups/) - Meetup groups for Camunda
1. [Vienna Camunda Meetup Group](http://www.meetup.com/camunda-vienna) - [Github Organization]
(https://github.com/camunda-vienna)
1. ..



# Zeebe


# Cawemo

# Camunda Optimize 



# Camunda In the News

1. https://www.mwdadvisors.com/2017/06/27/camunda-cawemo-optimize/
1. https://www.bp-3.com/blog/sandy-kemsley-on-camunda-bpm-7-5-release/
1. https://www.bp-3.com/blog/bpmn-io-bpmn-everywhere-for-everyone/



# Camunda comparisons to other projects/products

Listing of known project/product comparisons.

1. Activity...
1. flowable...
1. Jboss BPM...
1. etc...
1. https://blog.camunda.com/post/2016/10/camunda-engine-since-activiti-fork/
1. https://forum.camunda.org/t/strengths-of-camunda-vs-flowable/2842



# Training Material

Various Training materials, Videos, links, etc

1. [Camunda Videos](https://www.youtube.com/user/camundaVideo) - Official Camunda YouTube channel with various training videos
1. [Throwing BPMN Errors with Javascript](https://medium.com/@stephenrussett/throwing-bpmn-errors-with-javascript-in-camunda-c678f4b7d9ff) - Medium.com post by @StephenOTT (2016)
1. [Deploying Embedded Forms with Rest API](https://medium.com/@stephenrussett/deploying-embedded-forms-with-camunda-rest-api-84cf8010f8c1) - Medium.com post by @StephenOTT (2016)
1. [Deploying External Scripts with Rest API](https://medium.com/@stephenrussett/deploying-external-scripts-with-camunda-rest-api-e06bd90a2931) - Medium.com post by @StephenOTT (2016)
1. ...


# Frequently used JavaDoc references

1. [Process Engine Services](https://docs.camunda.org/javadoc/camunda-bpm-platform/7.9/org/camunda/bpm/engine/ProcessEngineServices.html) - Main Interface JavaDoc page for Process Engine Services.  Most commonly used page when navigating the Engine's services
1. ...
